# Agenda Week 3 - TA Meeting

## 07-05-2024

## Chairman: Vasil Chirov
## Minute taker: Jesse Vleeschdraager

- discuss the updated requirements
- create a protected dev branch
- clarify what we should do with the pipeline
- show refactored code on the PI