# Minutes Week 3 - TA Meeting

## 08-05-2024

## Chairman: Vasil Chirov
## Minutetaker: Jesse Vleeschdraager

- updated requirements
    - netCDF QC software in should haves, GUI software in could haves (6 must, 11 should, 10 could)
    - client would like those softwares to be as separate as possible
    - TA will look more into the features after the meeting, but has a good first impression

- protected dev branch
    - TA will create it after the meeting

- clarification for the pipeline (what it should (not) include)
    - it should check if the project builds
    - checkstyle is expected (don't wait with adding this too long)
    - testing (don't upload any datasets to the pipeline)
    - caching so we don't constantly reinstall everything, not relevant for us
    - assign a person to set this up

- show refactored code on PI
    - error when exporting the netCDF

- plans for this week & next week
    - splitting up into two groups (logging telegrams and exporting netCDFs)
    - Noky and Mels are working on logging telegrams, the rest are looking into exporting netCDFs
    - we will create issues from the requirements today after the meeting
    - TA: write descriptions for issues, use weights for issues as well and use time tracking
    - TA: don't forget to assign individual issues
    - duration of sprint / how many requirements can we take this sprint?
        - we have weekly sprints
        - must haves are more general, so should be split up into issues (we will do that today)
        - should haves are smaller

- pushing with personal git accounts
    - TA: just reconfigure it to use your TUDelft account

- documentation
    - we have a non-functional requirement about documentation for functions in the code
    - TA: you should also have documentation for if you hand it over to a new group
    
- testing
    - TA: any idea what we want for the testing?
    - no specific number of coverage in mind, just test as best as possible (unit tests, integration tests)
    - if we make a user interface, also do user testing

- midterm presentation
    - didn't figure out exact data yet because of the amount of parties
    - best to set up some datumprikker or alternative (also include end of week 4 and start of week 6)
    - something like when2meet also includes timeslots
    - midterm meeting will take 1 hour, presentation ~20 minutes + 10 minutes Q&A + feedback / margin for issues
    - presentation is about process, how far we are with requirements and our testing and documentation so far

- agendas
    - for the next meetings, we should have more extensive agendas (how we divided work, our planning etc.)

- next meeting
    - monday 13th 14:00 in PULSE
